Add support for CodeQL (#2660)
nvaccess/addon-datastore: docs/submitters/submissionGuide.md

A JSON metadata file is generated from the issue form and the add-on's manifest.
A detailed description of the JSON schema can be found in [jsonMetadata.md](./jsonMetadata.md).
When the issue form is submitted, the JSON file is generated and submitted as a pull request to the repository.

> Security analysis is performedfor the submitted add-on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security analysis is performed for the submitted add-on.
```

> If there are detected vulnerabilities, a link to a GitHub workflow will be shown in the issue. You can open this link and download artifacts containing the results of the analysis.
> Unzip artifacts and open the .sarif file in your preferred editor. Then, you can search properties like "region" to investigate where vulnerabilities are located in your code.

Reviewer: I really think reading the RAW sarif format is challenging for users.
I have suggested an alternative, a web based sarif viewer from microsoft. It appears accessible with NVDA+Chrome.

```suggestion
If there are detected vulnerabilities, a link to a GitHub workflow will be shown in the issue.
You can open this link and download artifacts containing the results of the analysis.
Unzip artifacts and open the .sarif file in your preferred editor.
For example, you can use [Microsoft's Sarif web based reader](https://microsoft.github.io/sarif-web-component/).
```

A JSON metadata file is generated from the issue form and the add-on's manifest.
A detailed description of the JSON schema can be found in [jsonMetadata.md](./jsonMetadata.md).
When the issue form is submitted, the JSON file is generated and submitted as a pull request to the repository.
Security analysis is performed for the submitted add-on.
If there are detected vulnerabilities, a link to a GitHub workflow will be shown in the issue.
You can open this link and download artifacts containing the results of the analysis.
Unzip artifacts and open the .sarif file in your preferred editor.

> For example, you can use [Microsoft's Sarif web based reader](https://microsoft.github.io/sarif-web-component/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can use [Microsoft's Sarif web based reader](https://microsoft.github.io/sarif-web-component/).
NV Access will determine whether or not the detection should prevent the add-on from being accepted.
Please review the warnings and consider whether you want to fix this in the add-on.
If you can provide more context on the failure in the submission, please do.
```

Optional.
Some authors may wish to include their add-on in the translations system.
To do this, follow the steps to register the add-on in [mrconfig](https://github.com/nvaccess/mrconfig/blob/master/readme.md#steps-for-addon-authors).

> for 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
